{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 1. The sun rises, drives the dark away. \
2. The rain starts raining hard.\
3. The flowers blossomed, how pretty!\
4. In ancient times, Sibe people believed in Shamanism. (P97) \
5.Tomorrow morning 10 o\'92clock come. (P97)\
6. People who study, read with mouth, memorize with heart. (p97)\
7. Be honest to friends, be fair in doing things. (P97)\
8. Farmers root in lands, nomads root in meadow. (P97)\
9. My father went to Urumqi. (P98)\
10. His son came back from Beijing. (P98)\
11. This mountain is higher than that mountain, this river is wider than that river. (p99)\
12. From when I got ill, I did not get well. (P99)\
13. My age is older than your second elder brother, but younger than your eldest brother. (P99)\
14. People\'92s life is many times better than ten years ago. (p99)\
15. Please say less! (P110)\
16. Please help more! (P110)\
17. Diligence is the source of knowledge. (p114)\
18. Mergenjy sings very well. (P114)\
19. He cried so sadly. (P114)\
20. His kind words comfort me. (P115)\
21. You don\'92t have to go. (P118)\
22. This is our beloved mother \'97 Qabqal. (P118)\
23. Language is the tool of communicating thoughts. (P118)\
24. I am a opium-smoking lazy woman. (P118)\
25. He is my classmate. (P119)\
26. \cf2 I \cf0 feel very happy in my heart. (P119) \
27. Students are reviewing lessons. (P128)\
28. Students are reviewing lessons. (P128)\
29. Students are reviewing lessons. (p128)\
30. It is blowing wind and raining outside. (P128)\
31. The girls are dancing. (P128)\
32. The boys are singing. (P128)\
33. Mergenjy is studying at Ili Normal College. (P128)\
34. I have ever read this long novel. (P130)\
35. You have thought that matter over very carefully. (P130)\
36. They have set off at dawn. (P130)\
37. I called on you yesterday. (P131)\
38. My younger brother has left the house. (p131)\
39. Leaves have turned a little yellow already. (P131)\
40. When my father was alive, I visited to see him every week. (P131)\
41. The two neighbors lived in harmony. (P131)\
42. I lived in my daughter\'92s house for a month. (p131)\
43. I traveled to Beijing, Shanghai during summer. (P131)\
44. The thing you told me, I have thought it over. (P131)\
45. These fish were caught by me. (P132)\
46. I will study hard. (P132)\
47. They will go to Urumqi. (P132)\
48. We will plant trees tomorrow. (P132)\
49. We will have holiday the day after tomorrow. (P132)\
50. I believe in your words. (P132)\
51. We love motherland, love people. (P134)\
52. Xibe people remember Chairman Mao\'92s kindness generation by generation. (P134)\
53. Urgontai rode a horse back. (P134)\
54. I made Mute\'9aan mail my letter. (P135)\
55. Grandpa makes grandson learn English lessons. (P135)\
56. Let students obey the discipline. (P135)\
57. You should study hard, don\'92t be mocked by others. (P135)\
58. He was kept in prison because of conducting crimes. (P135)\
59. The crops were spoiled by cattle. (P135)\
60. My kid was hit by others. (P135)\
61. A flock of chicks ran after a hen. (P137)\
62. All sit in the boat, go sight-seeing in the river. (P137)\
63. Kids gather together, romping one after another. (p137)\
\
}